monthly/aisummary/2017-09-25.md, before:

# 25 September 2017

### Microsoft Azure AI Speech
- Speaker Identification — Standard Transactions from $8.75/1k
- Speaker Verification — Standard Transactions from $3.75/1k
- Custom Recognition — S0 Acoustic Adaptation $6.25/hour

Documentation:
- Speaker Recognition overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/speaker-recognition-overview
- Speaker Recognition APIs (Identification/Verification): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/speakerrecognition/
- Transparency note for Speaker Recognition: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-foundry/responsible-ai/speech-service/speaker-recognition/transparency-note-speaker-recognition
- Custom speech (overview/how-to): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/custom-speech-overview
- Create and fine-tune custom speech models: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/how-to-custom-speech-create-project

### Microsoft Translator
- Translator Text — S4 Overage Characters $5.625/1M

Documentation:
- Translator service limits and tiers (incl. S4): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/service-limits
- Translator text translation overview and quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/text-translation/quickstart/client-library-sdk
- Translator pricing model details: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/text-translation/how-to/migrate-to-v3#pricing-model

_This summary was AI-generated in 44 seconds on 3 September 2025 using gpt-5 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 59,764 | Output tokens: 989 | Total tokens: 60,753._

Commit message:

Update AI summary for October and November 2025; add requirements.txt for dependencies

monthly/aisummary/2017-09-25.md, after:

# 25 September 2017

### Azure AI Speech

- Speaker Identification – Standard Transactions are billed from $8.75/1K transactions.
- Speaker Verification – Standard Transactions are billed from $3.75/1K transactions.
- Custom Recognition – S0 Acoustic Adaptation is billed at $6.25/hour.

Relevant docs:
- Custom Speech (Custom Recognition): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/custom-speech-overview
- Speech service pricing (includes Speaker Identification/Verification and Custom Speech): https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cognitive-services/speech-services
- Train and use custom speech models: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/how-to-custom-speech-train-model

### Azure AI Translator

- Translator Text – S4 Overage Characters are billed at $5.625/1M characters.

Relevant docs:
- Azure AI Translator service overview: https://aka.ms/TranslatorText
- Translator service limits (includes S4 tier): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/service-limits
- Azure AI Translator pricing: https://aka.ms/TranslatorPricing
- Use Translator text translation APIs: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/translator/text-translation/how-to/use-rest-api

_This summary was AI-generated in 11 seconds on 23 November 2025 using gpt-5.1 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 13,403 | Output tokens: 614 | Total tokens: 14,017._
