monthly/aisummary/2018-11-01.md, before:

# 1 November 2018

### Speech
- S1 Text To Speech Characters: from $4/1M characters
- S1 Custom Text To Speech Characters: from $6/1M characters
- S1 Speech To Text: from $1/hour
- S1 Speech Translation: from $2.5/hour
- S1 Custom Speech Model Hosting Unit: from $1.290322/day

Docs:
- Text to speech quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/get-started-text-to-speech
- Speech to text quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/get-started-speech-to-text
- Speech translation overview/how-to: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/how-to-translate-speech
- Custom Speech (overview): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/custom-speech-overview
- Deploy a custom speech model: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/speech-service/how-to-custom-speech-deploy-model

### Language
- Free Text Records: $0/1k records

Docs:
- Azure AI Language overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/overview
- Text Analytics for health quickstart (includes free tier note): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/text-analytics-for-health/quickstart

_This summary was AI-generated in 54 seconds on 3 September 2025 using gpt-5 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 90,518 | Output tokens: 1,590 | Total tokens: 92,108._

Commit message:

Update AI summary for October and November 2025; add requirements.txt for dependencies

monthly/aisummary/2018-11-01.md, after:

# 1 November 2018

### Speech

- S1 Text To Speech Characters:
  - Standard TTS billed from $4/1M characters.
- S1 Custom Text To Speech Characters:
  - Custom TTS billed from $6/1M characters.
- S1 Speech To Text:
  - STT audio transcription billed from $1/hour.
- S1 Speech Translation:
  - Real-time speech translation billed from $2.5/hour.
- S1 Custom Speech Model Hosting Unit:
  - Hosting of custom speech models billed from $1.290322/day.

Relevant documentation:
- Speech service overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/speech-service/overview  
- Speech to text: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/speech-service/speech-to-text  
- Text to speech: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/speech-service/text-to-speech  
- Custom speech: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/speech-service/custom-speech-overview  
- Speech translation: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/speech-service/speech-translation  
- Speech pricing page: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cognitive-services/speech-services/  

### Language

- Free Text Records:
  - Language service text records at $0/1K records (free tier).

Relevant documentation:
- Azure AI Language overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/language-service/overview  
- Azure AI Language pricing: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cognitive-services/language-service/  
- Service limits for Azure Language in Foundry Tools: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/language-service/concepts/data-limits

_This summary was AI-generated in 12 seconds on 23 November 2025 using gpt-5.1 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 13,064 | Output tokens: 707 | Total tokens: 13,771._
