monthly/aisummary/2019-05-01.md, before:

# 1 May 2019

### Custom Vision
- S0 Transactions: $2/1k transactions
- S0 Image Storage: $0.7/1k images stored

Documentation:
- What is Custom Vision? https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/custom-vision-service/overview
- Quickstart: Build an image classification model https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/custom-vision-service/getting-started-build-a-classifier
- Quickstart: Build an object detector https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/custom-vision-service/get-started-build-detector
- Data and privacy for Custom Vision https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-foundry/responsible-ai/custom-vision/custom-vision-cvs-data-privacy-security
- Custom Vision REST API reference https://learn.microsoft.com/rest/api/custom-vision/

_This summary was AI-generated in 43 seconds on 3 September 2025 using gpt-5 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 7,380 | Output tokens: 849 | Total tokens: 8,229._

Commit message:

Update AI summary for October and November 2025; add requirements.txt for dependencies

monthly/aisummary/2019-05-01.md, after:

# 1 May 2019

### Custom Vision

- S0 Transactions: billed at $2/1k transactions.
- S0 Image Storage: billed at $0.7/1k images stored.

Relevant documentation:
- Custom Vision overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/custom-vision-service/overview
- Custom Vision pricing: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cognitive-services/custom-vision-service/
- Custom Vision limits and quotas (F0/S0 tiers): https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/custom-vision-service/limits-and-quotas
- Custom Vision data privacy and security: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-foundry/responsible-ai/custom-vision/custom-vision-cvs-data-privacy-security

_This summary was AI-generated in 9 seconds on 23 November 2025 using gpt-5.1 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 6,527 | Output tokens: 261 | Total tokens: 6,788._
