monthly/aisummary/2023-03-01.md, before:

# 1 March 2023

### Microsoft
- Anomaly Detector
  - Univariate: Standard Transactions $0.314/1k transactions; Free Transactions $0/1k transactions
  - Multivariate: Standard data points $0.5/1k data points; Free data points $0/1k data points; Standard training $0.24/hour; Free training $0/hour

Documentation:
- Service overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/overview
- Univariate quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/quickstarts/client-libraries#detect-anomalies
- Multivariate quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/quickstarts/client-libraries-multivariate#prerequisites
- Transparency note: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-foundry/responsible-ai/anomaly-detector/ad-transparency-note
- Troubleshooting (multivariate): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/concepts/troubleshoot

_This summary was AI-generated in 34 seconds on 3 September 2025 using gpt-5 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 7,689 | Output tokens: 978 | Total tokens: 8,667._

Commit message:

Update AI summary for October and November 2025; add requirements.txt for dependencies

monthly/aisummary/2023-03-01.md, after:

# 1 March 2023

### Anomaly Detector

- Anomaly Detector – Univariate:
  - Standard Univariate Transactions are billed from $0.314/1k transactions.
  - Free Univariate Transactions are available at $0/1k transactions.

- Anomaly Detector – Multivariate:
  - Standard Multivariate data points are billed from $0.5/1k data points.
  - Free Multivariate data points are available at $0/1k data points.
  - Standard Multivariate training is billed from $0.24/hour.
  - Free Multivariate training hours are available at $0/hour.

Relevant documentation links:
- Anomaly Detector overview and docs: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/
- Anomaly Detector pricing: https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/cognitive-services/anomaly-detector/
- Service quotas and limits (Univariate and Multivariate): https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/service-limits
- Multivariate Anomaly Detection quickstarts: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/quickstarts/client-libraries-multivariate
- Univariate Anomaly Detection quickstart: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/anomaly-detector/quickstarts/client-libraries

_This summary was AI-generated in 9 seconds on 23 November 2025 using gpt-5.1 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 4,945 | Output tokens: 379 | Total tokens: 5,324._
