monthly/aisummary/2023-09-01.md, before:

# 1 September 2023

### Microsoft

- Azure AI Language – Summarization (Commitment Tier; 3M and 10M units): from $31680/year

Documentation:
- What is summarization? (Azure AI Language): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/overview
- Quickstart: Using text, document, and conversation summarization: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/quickstart
- How to use text summarization: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/how-to/text-summarization
- How to use native document summarization (preview): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/how-to/document-summarization

_This summary was AI-generated in 36 seconds on 3 September 2025 using gpt-5 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 8,226 | Output tokens: 1,105 | Total tokens: 9,331._

Commit message:

Update AI summary for October and November 2025; add requirements.txt for dependencies

monthly/aisummary/2023-09-01.md, after:

# 1 September 2023

### Azure AI Language

- Summarization disconnected containers – annual commitment tiers for Summarization usage in disconnected (offline) environments, with:
  - 10M-unit plan at $67200/year
  - 3M-unit plan at $31680/year

Related documentation:
- Azure AI Language – Summarization overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/overview  
- Use Summarization containers (including disconnected): https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/language-service/summarization/how-to/use-containers  
- Disconnected containers overview: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/containers/disconnected-containers  
- Commitment tier pricing for Azure AI services: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/commitment-tier  
- FAQ for disconnected containers: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/containers/disconnected-container-faq

_This summary was AI-generated in 8 seconds on 23 November 2025 using gpt-5.1 with low reasoning effort.<br>It may contain mistakes, or outdated pricing data. Always use the Azure Retail Prices API for live pricing. The existence of a price meter does not always imply model/service availability. Prices vary depending on different factors, including region.<br>Input tokens: 5,239 | Output tokens: 305 | Total tokens: 5,544._
